Edits for the chemistry module (#10)
bmorris3/shone: docs/shone/examples/chemistry.rst

.. code-block:: python

    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

    pressure = np.geomspace(1e-6, 10, 15)  # [bar]

>     temperature = 2300 * (np.geomspace(1e-6, 10, pressure.size) / 0.1) ** 0.1  # [K]

Reviewer: The way I wrote it was redundant. Here's a suggestion for consistency and clarity:
```suggestion
    temperature = 2300 * (pressure / 0.1) ** 0.1  # [K]
```

Reviewer: Bonus points if you make the same correction in your source code on line 38: https://github.com/bmorris3/shone/pull/10/files#diff-01b0298e1f6dacf74ab16c88d2889005257e03744cf3ada15277fcbc254a0aa6R38

        ylabel='Pressure [bar]'
    )

> Radiative transfer calculations require the mixing ratios, which are the proportions of each species that exist within the atmosphere. These ratios are functions of temperature, pressure, atmospheric metallicity, and the C/O ratio. If we provide these value to FastChem we'll obtain the ratios. We specify these parameters as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radiative transfer calculations require the volume mixing ratio (VMR) of each atmospheric species. The VMR is a function of temperature, pressure, atmospheric metallicity, and the carbon-to-oxygen ratio. We specify these parameters as follows:
```

          <th>e-</th>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>Electron</td>

>           <td>0.00054857990907</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <td>0.000549</td>
```

          <td>element</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Al</th>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>Aluminium</td>

>           <td>26.9815385</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <td>26.98</td>
```
